hey guys welcome back to the rheumatic
as you guys can see I am currently
holding 1 million six hundred forty
thousand dollars how well that's that's
the real question right now in this
villa in this video we show you guys how
to make like a bunch of freaking money a
hundred thousand dollars per minute or /
30 seconds depending on your connection
it's super simple and easy as fuck to do
this mission I see I have to do this
glitch I suggest everyone does it as
fast as they can and as quickly before I
get patched before it's going to get
patched and yet this glitch is totally
gonna give you guys like I shit on the
money I've been doing this glitch for 20
minutes now look at my money 1 million
six hundred bucks man like this is one
crazy alright so first you're gonna
start by going finding a car in a road
like a normal car like this one I just
found it in the street and told my
friend to modify it because I'm curtain
level 11 but all this money has fucked
up I was level 42 RIA actually yesterday
but I ended up doing in my account by
accident so that's I wouldn't be talking
about that in this video so I'm level 11
I'm holding all this money this is
impossible so you grab a car like this
or whatever car you want an SUV whatever
car you can find the street tell your
friend to modify it to the max or you
modify it yourself making your car put a
tracker and everything but after two
modifications have been done by your
friend and go on cell now just to make
sure your car stays like this when
you're done selling it before you
actually start selling make sure your
modifications already get out of the
paint spray go on go on thus our menu
going online go on options and go on
spawn location make sure it's on last
location and well and when you put that
on because last time its property make
sure when you're on last location you go
like three times around the paint
sprites that actually ends up saving
three times just in case you know you
can never be safe and when it's gonna
save their so when you actually end up
selling your car and doing the glitch
you're just gonna respond where it last
saved wit your card you're gonna keep
doing that until you get a shit ton of
money so this car actually sells for a
hundred thousand dollars as you guys can
see over here and that's how I've been
getting a bunch of money you can
actually end up going higher than this
if I'm right just try not to sell your
Lamborghinis and your Bugattis and shit
Logano everyone so do that but you
cannot do that because it's a bot car
from the internet if it's over fifty
thousand dollars when you bite through
the internet it cannot sell in the paint
spray alright so let's do this in these
steps i'll be telling you guys how to
lose glitch fast fast right now if
through these glitch in under 10 seconds
but it's not hard at all you guys are
gonna catch a super easily i got this
the first try at it so you're gonna want
to click a in xbox and it's gonna say
are you sure you want to sell this
vehicle so you're gonna click yes go on
the start menu going online click go
down to swap character click and go yes
quit quitting the session and as you
guys can see i have a million a hundred
thousand dollars on the top so just
added me a hundred thousand dollars it
will quit the session and say quitting
session and we'll bring you up to this
character selection menu which you will
select the same character you are in
right now with this card like this one
is my name is Evan here so I'm just
going to click on this one smile only
character level 11 as you guys can see
shit ton of money so let's just wait
until this thing opens and when this
loading bar is done you are supposed to
see your car uh you're supposed two
spots on your car riding around the
street right next to the paint spray
depending on where it where it's saved
and you just go back into the paint
sprayer with the same car do this again
again again so this is super easy to get
a bunch of money I suggest you guys do
this as much as you guys can get the
shit ton of money before it gets patched
because I know when their recent patches
in October and they're gonna be giving
us two hundred fifty thousand dollars so
i suggest you guys will do it before the
patch because i haven't seen this video
we get on YouTube but it may be patched
by the end of october or november so i
suggest you guys will do it as you guys
can see I'm our necks in the paint's for
it so i'll just do this I by the way
this is another game like it it's it's
another server basically so just
switches servers I but you always get to
keep your car you never lose it unless
you fail which I've never done yet I've
never failed I'll just do the steps
again here so you guys can see so I can
prove you guys as you guys can see my
money saved on the top
still do this again I want to repair the
power of carrots they'll cost the same
so 100 and 100 for okay so let's go a
hundred thousand dollars right here yes
sell confirm going start menu going
online click on the online going swap
character and click on continue this
will end the game and as you guys can
see it having a hundred thousand dollars
on 5mm 1 million two hundred thousand
dollars so thanks to my friend I help me
find this glitch hope you guys enjoyed
this glitch not just I this is my
opinion keep doing this until you get a
shit ton of money I know what I'm gonna
be doing all day so guys like comment
and share this video so everyone can
knows everyone can do this online man so
yeah guys thanks for watching don't
forget to go subscribe like and comment